hey everyone this is a VJ me gaming
bringing you episode 3 or this emblem
tutorial for black ops 2 related to
football badges and as you can see up on
screen this is one of the request by one
of the subscribers here and it's a badge
from the league MX which is the Mexican
League and it's for Chivas dear the name
was escapes me but that badge is really
complicated as you can see I'd
definitely will not be able to do that
within the fatal a limit of black ops 2
but what I do here is I'm going to show
you just making it I'm gonna make it as
close to as a possible we possibly can
and now you can see that the circle over
there according to the squared squares
on the screen it's three off the bottom
two of the top and two and half on
either side then I get a clone of the
circles turn them into white and make
them as an outline so I can reduce the
amount of layers that I was planning to
do originally when I did make it i did
have way too many layers and daniel
managed to get even a couple stars on
thing but as you can see you get another
circle make it a solid fill and think
now is going to work on the sort of red
stripes but I've got quite a lot of your
requests and they are getting down in
there they're looking quite nice some of
them are coming sort of more abstract
and that's because it's just not
possible to make them within that they
two layers so i will try getting to make
all of them i am trying to unlock at the
same time all the different types of
emblems that are available in black ops
that's pretty much what i'm doing
nowadays just to make these videos just
to go and get as many of those different
shapes unlocked through challenges you
will see i do give a recommendation for
this one and that's if you do run attack
dogs and this emblem will be sort of a
bit better improved and look a bit nicer
but the badge does have five of these
stripes on it and that the original
picture I showed you in the beginning
was the picture i followed for this
whole emblem tutorial i don't know if
you guys would like to see that if you
would let me know down below but i think
i've got a couple more left to be done
if we could probably get around maybe
five or six lights in this video before
the evening I'll get the other one up
which I think another subscribers one up
I've got a few other ones which have got
done recorded them and just need to get
them out do you guys get control over
them so I'll get those to you guys soon
there was meant to be a hybrid today but
i think i might just upload three of
these because the hybrid EA just been
absolutely irritating me they've
disconnected me from the server and so
many times and i think i said in the
last video where i think i should have
one division one at least twice or three
times so I'm really irritated about that
but whatever gameplay i have got i will
try to editing that and bringing out to
you guys later on the evening and as you
can see here getting the middle bit done
and it's all like a tree inside this
this or badge inside so that tree i
think if i do that now which lay on my
own I one layer 12 get the shuriken and
make it brown and the blue I think I
used is the 18 across in one down but
cloning over the Shahrukh ins there just
to get those stars that are inside the
badge and as shown before and just
getting the positioning I think that's
five now this there's seven I think in
the original but why did is I i minus 2
because you don't want to go too much
into detail especially when they don't
give you that many layers i think black
ops 2 should have a feature where they
actually allow you to unlock layers
where your tummy prestige unlock maybe
five layers as one of that every time
you prestige which would be actually
very helpful to all of us who love to
create emblems so here you see I get the
half mustache and I'm gonna clone it
over and this just to make the things a
handle I don't know I really not
remember but just to add it to the quest
and put it through give it the same
color as the other one or maybe slightly
brighter slightly brighter just to make
it stand out here you see I get the
gunnery sergeant I believe and give it a
light blue on the same what I do is with
the colors I try to get them all on the
same strip so as you can see what the
blue there it's on the same strip as the
one that's it across so I think its
second from the bottom I think and here
making the little circle putting that
one is layer 20 make it a bit earlier
and the reason because that is a you
gonna have another circle that's
overlapping it and what I do with that
one here the transparencies opacity
story is 80 make it go back to 100 make
it 80 and get the other one so it gives
you that effect that the ball that you
have on the front is standing out and
then what you got to do is change your
pasty slightly and make it look as if
it's sort of faded as
into the background and then you go get
a golf flag and add the little red bit
at the top so yeah this was quite
complicated emblem I am trying to if you
guys do have any simpler emblems I don't
mind but i think i got a request today
from i think i was a pro league the
belgium league i'm not too sure so yeah
i'm looking for it when you guys send me
sometimes I'd might not reply to
instantly or it might take me a day but
I do see it straight away when i get the
email so that's when I start working on
it and try to get it to you guys as you
can see here making the tree with in the
middle of the emblem and making up that
brown color for the bottom of the tree
and I think this will give you the
recommendation if you do have attack
dogs as you can see here I think and the
original one it's Lions but you can put
attack dogs on either side and then
reduce the amount of sugar cones in the
middle of the emblem but here giving
this the stars this is where the
important part of the whole space guilty
emblem is because if you see my stars
over there I don't get managed to
getting the original one is 12 or 11 and
wait why did is I just substitute
because I wanted the actual emblem to
look more like the badge so I put less
stars in but at the same time giving you
the more of the emblem that it looks
like and did manage to getting of the
writing of the actual club inside there
but that's because the club name in
itself is just very long but hopefully
that helped you out and maybe you know
if you are a subscriber then I will make
your emblem as quickly as i can and try
getting out to you guys as quickly but
i've also got trading and hybrids that
also did get done in this channel so if
you don't already subscribe subscribe
but it's been a video gaming and i hope
you enjoy this awesome and i'll catch
you guys